Meeting began at 1815 15 January 2020

# Contacting Our Client
* Wrote an email to Eric Law
* Discussed meeting times

# Logistics
* Agreed to setting up our calendars on Google calendar so that they can all be 
shared amongst group members

# Group Roles

* Filip Stamenkovic responsible for:
    - Agendas
    - Scheduling 
    - Manage version control

* Ryland Sepic
    - Take minutes
    - Point of contact for client, professor, and TA

* Kenny Li
    - Scheduling 

* Yoosuf Shafi
    - Responsible for managing the technology
    - Create the pitch to Eric Law about how we technologically want to approach
    the project

# Future Plans

* Next meeting
    - Discuss what we want to talk to Eric Law about
    - Go over coding guidelines 
    - Go over how we want to use Git and version control 

Meeting finished at 1915.
